What is the product? (TL;DR)
Credit Builder Plus (CB+) is a $19.99 credit-building membership service that lets MoneyLion users borrow a small amount of money, make monthly payments, and improve their score by paying off their loan. Loans are up to $1,000 and repaid over a period of 12 months. 

What makes it differentiated? 
Customers can access a portion of their loan funds right away to pay for urgent expenses. 
Membership fees and loan payments to align with paycheck days to prevent any payment surprises.
Fees can be paid off partly or in full with connection with LionShare program (e.g. Get a portion of your membership fee by being active and spending money with your RoarMoney account)

Why are we building this product/feature? 
JTBD: I want to reach my money goals (e.g. buy a house, apply for a nicer credit card, rent an apartment), but my credit is poor or not enough. I need to improve my credit, but I’m stuck and I don’t know how to do it with current financial tools.
Value to consumer: 
Potential to improve their credit score by 42+ points in 60 days.
Get access to a portion of the loan to cover urgent expenses with 0% APR cash advances.
Low cost when paired with Lionshare account.
Monitor credit improvement progress to keep momentum
Value to company: -
Short term → Recurring monthly revenue stream ($19.99) with high margin and creates stickiness with the MoneyLion exosystem.
Long Term → Package into WoW membership to be a stronger value add.

How does it work? 
Apply for a loan up to $1000 with no hard credit check, and receive a portion of your funds upfront in cash, while the rest saved for you in a Credit Reserve Account.
Pay off your loan over 12 months. Make it easier by setting up automatic loan repayments timed to your pay cycle.
Build positive credit history with on-time payments reported to all three credit bureaus every month.
Track your progress by viewing your credit monitoring dashboard.
Unlock your savings. Once the loan is fully paid off, you’ll receive the funds from your Credit Reserve Account to spend however you want.

Who is the target customer? 
Young adult with a limited or low credit history who is looking to build or repair their credit score.
Age: 18-35
Income: $30,000 - $60,000
Credit score: Fair or poor
Financial goals: Buy a car, rent an apartment, get a credit card
Needs: Affordability, ease of use, accessibility
Benefits: Improve credit score, build financial history, access to other financial services

