What is the product? (TLDR)
Instacash is an advance service that provides our customers with convenient, fast and early access to funds up to a set limit, based on anticipated future recurring direct deposits of income or other amounts into a RoarMoney account or an external linked bank account.  There are no mandatory fees, interest or other charges for accessing Instacash -- users may pay an optional tip in appreciation of the service and elect to pay an optional Turbo Fee for expedited funds delivery.

Who is the target customer? 
Cash strapped, tech savvy millennials living paycheck-to-paycheck with an average income of approx $2000/month. Majority gig economy workers or unemployed whom experience some months of deficits and limited surplus. They don’t feel valued by the traditional banking system that keeps charging them fees, and doesn’t help them build financial power or health.

What is the customer pain point / challenge? 
Providing access to an affordable, benefit rich mobile bank account; These customers are struggling to meet end’s meet and, they’re trying to avoid a more expensive credit paycheck lender, and are likely disenfranchised with how hard it is to pay their bills, and have anything left over to do more. 

1 in 4 Americans don’t have more than $500 in savings. This product provides immediate cash flow to customers that need to cover an immediate expense. We want to not only provide a short-term cash solution, but also guide them into the next best action in their financial journey to reach financial independence.

Messaging
Positioning Statement
Be prepared in an instant, for those "how am I gonna pay for this" moments

Value Props and RTBs
Get quick access to 0% APR cash advances whenever you need it. No credit check | No interest | No monthly fees

No Credit Check
No credit? No problem! Taking Instacash doesn’t require a credit check. Think of Instacash as borrowing from your future self for today’s needs. You’ll simply just pay us back with a future paycheck. 

Get cash within minutes 


For a small fee, we can expedite your Instacash to your bank account with Turbo for moments when you need it most 

Flexible repayment options

You select when you pay us back. We auto-choose a repayment date based on your paycheck, but you can easily change your Instacash repayment date in the MoneyLion App for what works best for you!!


Get more Instacash with MoneyLion


When you sign up for MoneyLion Banking you can unlock up to $1,000 in 0% APR cash advances. 
