What is the product? (TLDR)
RoarMoney is a mobile bank account that comes with a suite of tools to help users manage money easily with no hidden fees. Core account features include physical and digital debit cards, getting paid up to 2 days early and up to $1k interest-free cash advances with linked direct deposits, instant money movement and earning rewards on spending. The account charges $1 monthly admin fee and an optional Turbo fee of 1.5% to receive funds within minutes.

Who is the target customer? 
Cash strapped, tech savvy millennials living paycheck-to-paycheck with an average income of approx $2000/month. Majority are gig economy workers or unemployed experiencing fluctuations, with some months of deficits and limited surplus. They don’t feel valued by the traditional banking system that keeps charging them fees they can’t afford, and doesn’t help them build financial power or wealth. 

Who are they?
Behavior: Tapping into multiple neo-banks, cash advance apps regularly to stretch income, not loyal to any. 
Belief: Need to regularly find ways to ‘hack’ the system so they can extend income and pay for expenses.
Want: “Be financially independent and feeling secure, but feeling stuck in this vicious cycle.”

What is the customer pain point / challenge? 
Providing access to an affordable, benefit rich mobile bank account; The average monthly fee for a checking account in the US is $13.95* (source), which makes it challenging for low-moderate income earning Americans to gain access to adequate banking services. RoarMoney bridges that gap by providing a comprehensive banking solution to support their money management needs 24/7 while they’re on the go, at low cost. The account aims to provide better tools than traditional banks by offering more benefits at low cost, so they can take control of their finances affordably.


Messaging
Positioning Statement
Experience mobile banking that empowers you to take control of your money – one account, zero stress

Value Props and RTBs
Banking made easy, anytime, anywhere (or; banking that works for you) – enjoy the convenience of mobile banking with real benefits like getting paid up to 2 days early, instant money movement and access to thousands of ATMs. 
No account minimums. No ATM fees. No fees on mobile checks. 

Banking with a Safety Net 
Get paid up to 2 days early.
Unlock up to $1,000 in 0% APR cash advances. 
Round Up your spare change to invest or buy Bitcoin.

Instant Money Movement
Turbo transfers → Move money faster, transfer funds to an external account within minutes
Pay friends → Send and receive money at no fees
Auto deposit → Automatically fund your account on a custom schedule
Add cash on the go → 90k+ retailers nationwide with Green Dot® Reload @ the Register
Pay Bills → Electronic or mail a check for $1 fee
Mobile check capture → load check funds into the account

Debit Card Rewards
Earn up to $1500 in Shake ‘N’ Bank rewards every month
Unlock online deals with our exclusive partner offers

No minimums or hidden fees
No minimum balance fees
No fees on mobile check capture for standard delivery
No additional fees to pay bills via electronic transfer
No stop payment fees

Safe and secure
Deposits are FDIC-insured up to $250,000
Debit card is backed by the benefits and reliability of Mastercard
Price Protection
Zero Liability
Extended Warranty